HIVE-1159: Cloud Credentials Operator (CCO) support for deleting GCP root creds post-install (#28974)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mint-mode-with-removal-of-admin-credential.adoc

// * installing/installing_aws/manually-creating-iam.adoc

[id="mint-mode-with-removal-or-rotation-of-admin-credential_{context}"]
= Mint mode with removal or rotation of the admin credential

Currently, this mode is only supported on AWS and GCP.

> In this mode, a user installs {product-title} with an `admin` credential just like the normal mint mode. However, this mode removes the `admin` credential secret from the cluster post-installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, a user installs {product-title} with an `admin` credential just like the normal mint mode. However, this process removes the `admin` credential secret from the cluster post-installation.
```

> The administrator can have the Cloud Credential Operator make its own request for a read-only credential that allows it to verify if all `CredentialsRequest` objects have their required permissions, thus the `admin` credential is not required unless something needs to be changed. After the associated credential is removed, it can be destroyed on the underlying cloud, if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The administrator can have the Cloud Credential Operator make its own request for a read-only credential that allows it to verify if all `CredentialsRequest` objects have their required permissions, thus the `admin` credential is not required unless something needs to be changed. After the associated credential is removed, it can be deleted or deactivated on the underlying cloud, if desired.
```

> Prior to upgrade, the `admin` credential should be restored. In the future, upgrade might be blocked if the credential is not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to upgrade, the `admin` credential should be restored. In the future, upgrades might be blocked if the credential is not present.
```

The `admin` credential is not stored in the cluster permanently.

> This mode still requires the `admin` credential in the cluster for brief periods of time. It also requires manually re-instating the secret with `admin` credentials for each upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following these steps still requires the `admin` credential in the cluster for brief periods of time. It also requires manually re-instating the secret with `admin` credentials for each upgrade.
```

// * installing/installing_aws/manually-creating-iam.adoc

[id="mint-mode-with-removal-or-rotation-of-admin-credential_{context}"]
= Mint mode with removal or rotation of the admin credential

Currently, this mode is only supported on AWS and GCP.

In this mode, a user installs {product-title} with an administrator-level credential just like the normal mint mode. However, this process removes the administrator-level credential secret from the cluster post-installation.

The administrator can have the Cloud Credential Operator make its own request for a read-only credential that allows it to verify if all `CredentialsRequest` objects have their required permissions, thus the administrator-level credential is not required unless something needs to be changed. After the associated credential is removed, it can be deleted or deactivated on the underlying cloud, if desired.

[NOTE]
====

> Prior to a non z-stream upgrade, you must reinstate the credential Secret with the administrator-level credential. If the credential is not present, the upgrade might be blocked.

Reviewer 2: s/Secret/secret/

[id="mint-mode-with-removal-or-rotation-of-admin-credential_{context}"]

> = Mint Mode with removal or rotation of the admin credential

Author: s/Mode/mode
